samples: bluetooth: direct_test_mode: Do not reset fem parameters (#6880)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/direct_test_mode/README.rst

* If the Length field is set to ``5`` (symbol ``FEM_ACTIVE_DELAY_SET``), the Frequency field sets the front-end module (FEM) activation delay in microseconds relative to the radio start.
  By default, this value is set to (radio ramp-up time - front-end module (FEM) TX/RX settling time).
* All other values of Frequency and Length field are reserved.

> * If the Length field is set to ``6`` (symbol ``FEM_DEFAULT_PARAMS_SET``) and the Frequency filed is set to any value, the front-end module parameters like antenna output, gain, delay will be set to default value.

Author: Fixed

> * If the Length field is set to ``6`` (symbol ``FEM_DEFAULT_PARAMS_SET``) and the Frequency filed is set to any value, the front-end module parameters like antenna output, gain, delay will be set to default value.

Author: Done

.. note::

>   Front-and module configuration like antenna output, gain and active delay are not set to default values after reception of the DTM Reset command.
>   Testers like for example Anritsu MT885 issues a Reset command at every test beginning so automatic script testing would not be possible for front-end modules with parameters different than default.
>   If you change default front-end module parameters, you can restore it by sending ``FEM_DEFAULT_PARAMS_SET`` command or by power cycling your front-end module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Front-end module configuration parameters, such as antenna output, gain, and active delay, are not set to their default values after the DTM reset command.
  Testers, for example Anritsu MT885, issue a reset command in the beginning of every test.
  Therefore, you cannot run automated test scripts for front-end modules with other than the default parameters.
  
  If you have changed the default parameters of the front-end module, you must restore them.
  You can either send the ``FEM_DEFAULT_PARAMS_SET`` command or power cycle the front-end module.
```

Author: Fixed

>   If you change default front-end module parameters, you can restore it by sending ``FEM_DEFAULT_PARAMS_SET`` command or by power cycling your front-end module.

Author: Done
